Link to codepen: https://codepen.io/pauline-haren/pen/ExKbMVV


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML is meaningful coding that means something to both the browser and dev.
    2. What is HTML used for?
	 HTML is used to create pages and to be read on the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute gives additional info to elements. They are placed in the start tag.
	For ex. <a href="https://www.google.com"></a>. Href is the attribute to the anchor element.	 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	The h1 is basically the title of the page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	 <!DOCTYPE html>
    7. What is an id? 
	It is an attribute that is specific to one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	You can add it to headers, p, span, etc.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	An id can be used many times on a page, but should only be specific to one element.
    10. What is a class? 
	An attribute that can be called to multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Same as an id, such as headers, p, span, and etc.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As much as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	<a href="https://www.avaliddomain.com" target="_blank">Open In New Tab</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	If the image cannot be shown, the alt attibute provides a text for the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#id {
	   ;
	}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A section specifies a section on a page, where a div just creates a division between code or content.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {
	color: blue;	
	}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	An id would only be used to reference one thing. For example if you need to have only one element specified,
	you would use an id. If you plan to have multiple elements with the same style, you would use a class to specify
	them.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class {
	     ;
	}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	This selector selects all elements that are a direct child of an element. This can be used to
	select all elements in a parent selector to make certain changes to these specific elements.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is a selector that selects an element in a specific state, like hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	{text-transform: ;}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	 border: 1px dotted black;
	}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* Like this */
	
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	$ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	$ rm There is no prompt asking if you are sure you want to remove the item. It will just do it. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Because your changes are will be recorded to provide a history that can be returned to if needed.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	After every single point of change.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	$ git push origin -u file-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork, clone, branch, pull, push, delete branch once merged.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Block elements start on a new line and will take up the full width available. For inline elements, they don´t 
start on a new line, and will only take up as much width as needed.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	img and button are display inline by default. header, p, and footer are 3 elements that display block by default.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
	The box model shows how each element is a box and wrapped in a box, which includes margin, border, padding, and width.



   --> 